the outer tables Patrick Antonius of the
get moved all in on the river he's up
against Caetano Buddha I promised myself
I wouldn't get involved in a handling if
I said it once I've said it a thousand
times don't get involved you're looking
young guys Buddha will make the call
Packer chose 7/4 for a full house whoo -
it'll listen to itself
Antonius doubles up Antonius says he
doesn't have a nickname but he is known
by Adonis
a Black Lotus of flying fin or the
we play online is a knockout use and try
harder fish yeah
yeah we were talking earlier
I can't recall just when I knew now I
know hooked on you and who knows why
it's hard to figure out
the only thing I wanna do is hold you
love you too but I'm scared to make a
move with so much
me too when I could steer but I can
I'm all like matching has gone all in
with a paranoid Samuel Colt
Patrick going all in four hundred and
eighty two thousand dollars and Sammy
called immediately began the other said
no you don't have a cent is incredible
he has a tree in the Fargo
thanks as we see Sammy's a little bit of
a favor here
both players little superstitious and
they don't want to turn over their hand
first they can do that but what do we
have I have the beacon you I thought oh
I have a weaker hand than you know but
to my customer I gotta play with you you
don't call them that one sec you got a
nice hard Patrick let's do it
how do you know it's got a pair of 300
you crazy old what do you think I'm
alone what gives here do not plan
solitaire hi Patrick
do you have
let's run it four times am I gonna run
it four times never seen that before eat
it why don't they just run the rest of
the deck run fifteen times to a nine
quarter-million-dollar nine Patrick wins
the first quarter million Sammy catch
another and Patrick can't draw out on
that time second round is saving like a
four-round fine yeah the feeling's gonna
be split at the end oh don't you get
that feeling yeah yeah yeah after all
this series still hasn't got a greater a
king yet no diamond no queen or king
there that's you of course - for Patrick
of course I always liked that one more
to go that's amazing I'm telling you
just Sammy D is the king the queen of
the diamond here for one more card for a
split man no goes to Patrick Patrick
winds up winning three quarters of
everything big win